# HtmlMonitor
A constantly refeshing html page created from ConvertTo-HTML cmdlet in PoweShell.

This builds on the 'BigPipelineSolution' repository/project I have presented here. Any collection of objects that can be presented in a table, like that created by importing a CSV file, can be converted to HTML. The output of the BigPipelineSolution can be converted in just such a manner. If the information gathered is at least somewhat dynamic then the webpage created could be constantly (periodically) written and refreshed to give near real time feedback creating a really simple monitor page. The working example presented here runs a ping test as well as verify WMI and PowerShell Remoting can be accessed. The BigPipelineSolution provides a framework for adding other columns as needed.

Currently, this process can only be run in the foreground from the ISE. Furthermore, it seems that I can only get the constant (periodic) webpage refresh to run in the same process that is constantly (periodically) writing new information to web page itself. The negative effect of this is that only one computer can be running this 'dashboard' at a time. I would like to 'de-couple' the two processes. One process to ConvertTo-HTML my collection of objects and one (that can be run by many people on multiple computers) to open and periodically refresh the web page produced.

# Feature 1 Branch
This adds the Get-SelectedServiceStatusString Function to get the status of a particular set of services and return it all on one line. Currently the process replaces substrings within the string to build html tags that result in a color coded output: Green for Running, Red for Stopped and Yellow for other (typically starting).